if you're looking for a home screen
that's more about information than it is
about apps and widgets slide screen is a
great app that I recommend you get and
even if you don't want to replace your
home screen you can use it as just a
regular app that gives you a quick
snapshot of what's going on in your
world now as you see here you've got the
wireless information the time of date as
well as a weather report and then aside
from that you've got information from a
variety of sources I've got my RSS feeds
right here facebook updates Nasdaq stat
updates and Twitter updates and when I
go to the top I've got email but what's
cool about this is if you slide down
this portion you get support for missed
calls text messages as well as your
calendar appointments if you have any
and then if I want to take it further I
can snap this all the way to the bottom
or to the top and then I can get a
filtered view so right here I'm seeing
only my RSS feeds I click on the link
and I'm seeing stories for that day when
i go back i can press this button right
here and change the filter so now i get
facebook nasdaq twitter and once again
RSS so there's a variety of options you
can use on this app it's really great
and when you need to get to your apps
all you have to do is press the menu
button and your apps are going to be
there quick access if you want even
quicker access to bookmark your eight
favorite apps or eight most used apps
all you have to do is long press and
choose where it's going to go so I keep
doing that and I am able to select
everything that I need there's two
versions of this app there is the free
version which is AD supported and
there's the pro version which removes
the ads I highly recommend getting the
pro version because you get more space
and it's easier to do it and personally
it's a tiny tiny bit faster this is a
great app that I recommend a lot of
people use especially if you're using
your phone for enterprise purposes